README.md, before:

Clean Social Share Widget
=========================
A fast and JavaScript-free share widget for WordPress. 

I am sick of social share widgets doubling the time it takes my site to load. These are pure HTML/CSS and will not slow down site load.

You lose tracking, but basic tracking will be added in the future (do you really look at your tracking, anyway?).

License: GPLv2


###v0.2.1
* Add width:100% to images. Corrects sizing issues if the theme isn't responsive.


###v0.2
* Add sharing to email, LinkedIn, Digg, and reddit
* Users can disable unwanted social networks
* Update styling to allow for 2+ rows of icons


###v0.1
* Initial functionality and graphics (icons from official Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and Pinterest sites)
* Allows sharing to Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and Pinterest
* Set widget title
* Set "via" Twitter user's name (Author of blog)
* Choose between dark and light themed icons


###Future
* Pull post author's twitter name if available, otherwise use widget settings
* Choose your own icons
* Add share via any other social networks that allow sharing without JavaScript
* Pull featured image (or first image if no featured image) in to Pinterest pin


###Distant Future
* Enable basic analytics via POST - store in database and access stats through WordPress admin


###Tested On
* WordPress 3.6
* WordPress 3.5.2

Commit message:

Add install file to repo

README.md, after:

Clean Social Share Widget
=========================
A fast and JavaScript-free share widget for WordPress. 

I am sick of social share widgets doubling the time it takes my site to load. These are pure HTML/CSS and will not slow down site load.

You lose tracking, but basic tracking will be added in the future (do you really look at your tracking, anyway?).

Install: Download the .zip file and install via WordPress admin.

License: GPLv2


###v0.2.1
* Add width:100% to images. Corrects sizing issues if the theme isn't responsive.


###v0.2
* Add sharing to email, LinkedIn, Digg, and reddit
* Users can disable unwanted social networks
* Update styling to allow for 2+ rows of icons


###v0.1
* Initial functionality and graphics (icons from official Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and Pinterest sites)
* Allows sharing to Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and Pinterest
* Set widget title
* Set "via" Twitter user's name (Author of blog)
* Choose between dark and light themed icons


###Future
* Pull post author's twitter name if available, otherwise use widget settings
* Choose your own icons
* Add share via any other social networks that allow sharing without JavaScript
* Pull featured image (or first image if no featured image) in to Pinterest pin


###Distant Future
* Enable basic analytics via POST - store in database and access stats through WordPress admin


###Tested On
* WordPress 3.6
* WordPress 3.5.2
